welcome back to horror recaps today i
will be showing you a horror slash drama
film from 2020 titled the maid
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
the story starts as the former maid of a
family tells her therapist about a ghost
she sees at the house she mates for a
little girl named nid is the only kid in
the house
she has a toy monkey according to the
maid when nid falls asleep
the monkey moves around and makes noises
she has had too much of this torment
so she quits the job she tells her
therapist that she also sees the spirit
of a girl in the house
she assumes that the spirit is of the
house's other maid
only she and the little girl ned can see
the spirit of the girl
uma is nid's mother and the one who runs
everything in the house
she promises ned to find a new maid
uma's husband
is a wealthy businessman named iraq uma
and narak's relationship is not great
but they are still together because of
ned and uma's father
like the maid said to her therapist then
can see the spirit
but uma and narak think that knit is
just delusional
ned's doctor diagnoses her with dementia
her parents are worried for her
that night uma sneaks into narak's
office it seems as though she is looking
for something when she finds some
pictures hidden inside a book
the next day the house's new maid joy
arrives
she is welcomed by the head of the maids
when wan shows her around the house to
make joy familiar with it
she explains her duties and the rules of
the house one also introduces joy to ned
joy tries making a conversation with nid
but she doesn't speak
wayne reveals that she is a shy kid she
doesn't talk very much and loves to draw
nid has never been out of this house in
the end wan tells joy to be sure to mind
her own business if she
wants to survive in the house the house
driver chai
takes joy to her headquarters it is a
beautiful home with many rooms just
beside the mansion
joy is happy to get a whole house to
herself when chai leaves
she starts unpacking it is now night her
new maid uniform is kept on the bed
she is fascinated by it so she poses
with it in front of the mirror
as she does it she notices someone
running upstairs
she takes a candle stand as a torch and
follows the footsteps upstairs
she then sees someone stand at the end
of the stairs joy is too scared to
approach them
so she goes back to her room she lies on
her bed thinking about her old bosses
she used to work at a foreign family's
house as their maid
her boss used to look at her with
lustful eyes that night joy dreams of
someone standing at her door and wakes
up terrified
it is now the next day today is her
first day at work
before she starts working wen takes her
to uma who asks her about her old job
joy answers she left it because the
family left for their country after
selling their house and land
joy's primary job is to take care of ned
other than that she has to help other
maids in their job
that day joy puts nid to sleep by
singing a song her sister
used to sing to her as she is about to
leave the room
joy senses someone standing in the
corner but sees no one when she turns
around
joy runs into nirak while taking out
laundry he asks her her name but doesn't
say anything when she answers
joy meets the other housemate porn in
the kitchen the three maids work
together as porn plays music in full
volume
later at night joy basement in her
bathroom it is in the bathtub playing
with bubbles
suddenly she stares at someone behind
joy at the door
joy checks but no one is beside her
however when she stands up
she sees someone standing behind her
through the mirrors joy is startled but
she isn't scared
the girls get out of the bath joy asks
it if she saw the person in the mirror
nid knots she then asks joy to read her
a bedtime story
agreeing joy searches for a book and
finds the one her sister used to read to
her
after nid falls asleep joy leaves but
just as she sleeps
nid wakes up and sits on her bed she
comes face to face with a ghost
the next day joy snoops around the house
library with an excuse to clean it
there she finds a picture of uma narak
and another maid
suddenly joy notices the ghost standing
in a corner watching her
she realizes that the ghost is of the
maid in the picture terrified
joy runs away from her she stops when
she sees knit standing at the doorway
the ghost pulls knit inside and locks
the door as
joy looks through the glass door to try
and help nid she appears behind her
but the ghost is still inside scared joy
takes nid with her and rushes away from
there
the girls tell everything they had
witness to uma but she dismisses their
concerns and doesn't take them seriously
joy showed zuma the picture she had
found earlier and tells her that the
ghost looked exactly like the maiden
uma just asks her how she found the
picture but doesn't acknowledge the
ghost
joy tells her she found it while
cleaning the library and leaves
when everyone is gone uma stares at the
mate in the picture
she starts reminiscing about her the
maid's name is ploy
she came to their house almost six years
back narak used to ignore uma
they always fought and uma had no friend
to talk to
she was very lonely when she started
getting to know ploy
soon she began to share everything with
her their friendship grew with time
and uma became very affectionate with
ploy one day when narak stayed out for
work
uma and ploy had sex uma stares at the
picture of her former best friend
from the next day joy starts inquiring
with wan and porn about ploy
wine dismisses her and tells her to mind
her own business
however bourne tells her that ploy used
to work there for a year she disappeared
one day and never returned
joy is still not satisfied with the
answer so she asks the driver chai
chai seems to get nervous when she
brings ploy's name
but he reveals a little more information
about her than the maids
he tells her that ploy used to be yuma's
only friend but she disappeared one day
and never came back
later that day uma looks at ned's
drawings and scolds her
joy hears this when uma leaves joy looks
at them and notices that most of mid's
drawings have three people in them
she asks knit who they are she answers
that those are uma
narak and the maid joy realizes that nit
is talking about ploy
she is surprised sometime later narak
sits down and stares at one of ploy's
pictures
he starts thinking about his days with
her he remembers when she always used to
come into his office to offer him tea
it was clear that narak was attracted to
her one day
she came in and asked him for a book he
stood behind her as she picked one from
the self
ploy was attracted to him too one thing
leads to another
and they end up having sex in his office
both uma and norak had sexual relations
with their maid
that night as joy is putting nid to
sleep she asks her where ploy is just
then her ghost appears behind joy
but this time instead of scaring them
ploy leads joy to various parts of the
house to tell her the story of her death
first she has led to narak's office
where ploy tells narak that she is
pregnant with his child
naraka is happy and hugs her next she is
led to the dining area where uma and
narak discuss the matter
uma doesn't seem to mind that ploy was
impregnated by narak
then she sees narak taking care of
pregnant ploy
finally ploy gives birth to a beautiful
daughter she sings to her newborn
just then the realization hits joy and
it is actually ploy's daughter
joy then sees ploy go to the bathroom to
prepare a bath
while she does that mid starts to cry
ploy tries to run but slips on the floor
and hits her head
no one comes for her help when suddenly
uma sees her lying there
however she closes the door to let her
die there
after ploy dies narak finds her they
decide to tell no one about the incident
chai vorn and wan help narak wrap her
body in plastic and very ploy outside
the house
but as they are digging ploy starts to
move she is still alive
but no one notices joy screams at them
to save her
but eventually they bury her alive joy
realizes that the whole house is filled
with liars
suddenly joy starts singing a familiar
song ploy's ghost comes behind her and
starts singing it with her
we finally get to know that ploy is
joy's elder sister
she left home to work years ago to work
but never came back
cut to a few weeks earlier joy is with
her therapist talking about her job
she tells her that she has recently been
appointed by a family and that her last
clients moved back to their country but
in reality
she had killed the previous family she
worked for turns out that joy is a
psychopath who has come to find out what
happened to her sister
now that she knows who killed her she
plans to avenge them
uma's birthday is in a few days everyone
at the house prepares for a huge party
on her birthday they get ready for the
evening just then joy prepares an
injection
sometime later the guests start coming
joy and chy are in a car outside
she asks him about ploy again to test if
she says the truth but he doesn't
she suffocates him to death with a
plastic bag next
she goes into the kitchen where born is
working and asks her what she knows
about ploy
meanwhile at the party uma orders wan to
fetch chai
in the kitchen however porn wakes up
tied to a chair
joy notices it and tells her that she
knows they helped uma and narak to
dispose of ploy's body
joy drugs the wine to be served to the
guests wine goes to see
chai and finds out he is dead she panics
but before she can tell anyone joy
arrives at the scene and injects her
with a drug to kill her
joy then goes to the party and serves
the drugged wine to all the guests
joy goes back to the kitchen and
apologizes to a tide born for being late
joy's psychopathic side starts to show
as she dances to the song
she is wearing a raincoat while dancing
suddenly
she stabs porn on her neck with a
kitchen knife blood splatters all over
joy's face
she then cleans it up meanwhile at the
party narak leaves for his office
upstairs
uma asks joy to take care of the guests
and goes to her room
joy then goes in its room and makes her
listen to music with her headphones
so she doesn't hear what is happening
downstairs at the party
all the guests start to feel sick due to
the drugged wine
now it's time for joy to execute her
killing spree she goes around the party
and stabs every person she can get her
hand on
it is as if a demon has taken into her
after everyone at the party is killed
joy moves upstairs to kill the actual
culprits uma sits in front of her mirror
she has found the letters joy wrote to
ploy when she still worked there
uma accuses her of making up false
stories to trick them into talking about
her sister
she then lies and tells her that ploy
disappeared suddenly
this agitates joy joy has drug dumas tea
as well
she gets dizzy after taking a sip of it
but even in that condition
uma leaps a joy to kill her but joy
stabs her to death instead
azuma is on the verge of death ploy
spirit lies beside her on the floor
joy's last target is narak he takes the
last sip of alcohol which joy has
drugged and starts getting dizzy
he sees ploys ghost walking by he
follows her downstairs
the guest dead bodies lie all around but
he barely acknowledges them
passing the bodies he goes out the main
entrance everything outside is on fire
he sees ploy walking towards and stabs
him just then he looks up and sees it is
actually joy who has stabbed him as he
lays on the ground dying
ploy's spirit lies beside him finally
joy brings nin downstairs
she plans to start a new life with her
niece the movie ends as we see joy break
down into tears in front of the house
make sure to subscribe and turn on
notifications so you can watch more
videos like this
thanks for watching
you